---
title: 篮球 Basketball
permalink: /ccas/physical-sports/basketball/
description: ""
third_nav_title: 体能运动 Physical Sports
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>The Basketball (Boys) team</strong>&nbsp;comprises of two teams:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>School Team that takes part in National School Games (NSG) competitions</p></li><li><p>Recreational Team that participates in weekly training sessions</p></li></ul><p>Primary 3 and 4 Basketball (Boys) team members will train in development groups before selection to the School Team is conducted at Primary 4.</p><p>School Team members are eligible to participate in the Junior (Primary 4 and 5) and Senior (Primary 6) Divisions of the NSG competitions. Students who are not selected for the School Team have the option of joining the Recreational Team.</p><p>In the Senior Boys Division of the 2019 SPSSC Basketball Championships, the Basketball (Boys) team emerged as Champions in the East Zone competition and finished in third placing in the National competition.</p><p>In the Junior Boys Division, the Basketball (Boys) team participated in the inaugural edition of the competition featuring the new 3v3 format and emerged as Champions in the National Tier 1 competition.</p><p>In Tao Nan School, basketball is more than a sport or a co-curricular activity, it is family. As a family, the&nbsp;<strong>Basketball (Girls) team</strong>&nbsp;develops every player’s skills, knowledge, and understanding of the game within the context of character development, the pursuit of individual and team excellence, and valuing team above self.</p><p>The effectiveness of the Basketball programme is evident in the results attained in the annual National School Games competitions, but more crucially in the character of every Basketball team member.</p><p>In the Senior Girls Division of the 2019 SPSSC Basketball Championships, the Basketball (Girls) team, comprising Primary 6 students, emerged Champions in the East Zone competition and finished in second placing in the National competition.</p><p>In the Junior Girls Division, the Basketball (Girls) team, comprising Primary 4 and 5 students, participated in the inaugural edition of the competition featuring the new 3v3 format and emerged as Champions in the National Tier 1 competition.</p><p>The Basketball (Girls) team continues to give their best every day so as to scale higher peaks of sporting excellence.</p><p><strong><u>2024</u></strong></p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>NAME OF CCA<br>TEACHER-IN-CHARGE</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Email</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>ROLE</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Syed Ali Omar Bin Syed Halid Alhatas</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>syed_ali_omar_halid@moe.edu.sg</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Overall IC</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mdm Ong Wee Wah [王维华]</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>ong_wee_wah@moe.edu.sg</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Overall 2IC</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mdm Cheah Li Wei [谢俐蔚]</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>cheah_li_wei@moe.edu.sg</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Chong Zhi Howe Kenneth</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>chong_zhi_howe_kenneth@moe.edu.sg</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Mohammad Daud Teo B Mohd Anwar</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>daud_teo@moe.edu.sg</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Ms Ng Lay Kuan</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>ng_lay_kuan_a@moe.edu.sg</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Member</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Pang Say Wak [陈才发]</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>pang_say_wak@moe.edu.sg</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Terry Foo Siang Yong</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>foo_siang_yong@moe.edu.sg</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>