---
title: Co Curricular Activities
permalink: /ccas/co-curricular-activities/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h4>CCA Learning Outcomes:</h4><p>Co-Curricular Activities (CCAs) play a vital role in the holistic education of our students.</p><p>Engaging in CCAs allows students to explore their interests and talents while developing important values and competencies essential for a rapidly changing world. CCAs also cultivate friendships among students from diverse backgrounds as they learn, play, and grow together.</p><p>Active involvement in CCAs promotes social integration, strengthening students' sense of belonging, commitment, and responsibility to their school, community, and nation.</p><h4>CCA Policy:</h4><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>All students from P3 to P6 are strongly encouraged to participate in 1 CCA.</p></li><li><p>Mondays and/or Fridays are the official CCA days for all CCAs [except for Badminton, Basketball and Wushu school team members]</p></li><li><p>Students attend at least 75% of the CCA sessions in a year for his/her participation in the CCA to be reflected in the Holistic Development Profile.</p></li><li><p>To represent the school in competitions, students must adhere to and exemplify the school's values while serving as role models.</p></li><li><p>To give students the needed time to gain knowledge and master skills in their CCAs, as well as develop friendships, teamwork and leadership competencies among peers within the CCA, requests for changing CCAs will only be considered at the end of each semester. This will take effect from Term 2 (2024). </p></li></ol><p></p>